README.md, before:

1.	Organisation Overview
Company name: Love Matcha

Company history: Founded in February 2025, Love Matcha opened their first café in Sea Point, Cape Town, with the mission of meeting an ever-growing demand in an underserved market. The company has since opened four other locations in and around Cape Town, as well as a mobile matcha bar that they rent out. 

Company mission: 
•	Providing customers with authentic, sustainably sourced products.

Company vision: 
•	Expand their franchise by attracting investors.
•	Grow their brand to become South Africa’s lead matcha brand.

Target audience: 
•	South Africans with an interest in matcha.
•	Prospective investors in the franchise.

2.	Website Goals and Objectives
Specific goals
•	Increase sales made off the website.
•	Build interest in current Love Matcha locations.
•	Attract investors for new locations.

Key performance indicators
•	Total sales volume: Track total monthly sales from website. 
•	Traffic: Track number of individuals visiting website.
•	Abandon rate: monitor number of individuals who leave the website without buying anything.

3.	Current Website Analysis
Analysis used from Love Matcha, 2025.
Current website strengths
•	Colour scheme and font used stay consistent throughout the website.
•	Pages are organised and easily accessible.
•	Google Maps is embedded to help users find their locations easily.
•	Images and videos are used to showcase the products sold.

Current website weaknesses
•	Colour palette used is not unified.
•	Images and videos not scaled properly.
•	Website is cluttered, information does not stand out from the background. 

Areas for improvement
•	Reimagine colour palette to unify colours. 
•	Rescale images and videos to fit various screen sizes.
•	Simplify information used on website.
•	
4.	Proposed Website Features and Functionality
Pages included on the website
•	Homepage – Brief overview of company values and vision, overview of products offered.
•	About us – History of company, goals of relative significance achieved, detailed view into company values and vision.
•	Products – Showcase of products sold, detail page for each product.
•	Contact – email address, phone number, physical addresses.
•	Franchise – information for prospective investors, franchise-specific contact details/form.

Website functionalities
Order system
•	Product catalogue
•	Search bar for products
•	Shopping cart
•	Checkout
Franchise 
•	Form for inquiries
Contact
•	Google Maps for locations

5.	Design and User Experience
Layout and Design
Bar at the top of the screen 
•	logo + company name
•	drop-down menu to switch pages 
•	Shopping cart

Page Layout
•	Wallpaper will be beige (hex code #F2E9D4 as seen in Figure 1) with the remainder of the colours being used for headings, icons and other accent design aspects. This will cause contrast between the background and design aspects, which will make them more eye-catching to the user. 
•	The information used on the Homepage will be organised into sections and subsections based on the content that it contains, which will make the page less overwhelming to the users.

Bar at the bottom of the screen 
•	Contact information
•	Links to social media platforms
•	Hyperlinks to other pages in website

UI Considerations
•	The contrast between the background and the accent colours makes the design aspects such as headings, icons and buttons easier to see, which benefits the general population, but specifically users with vision impairments. 
•	The drop-down menu at the top of the screen, as well as the navigation hyperlinks at the bottom of the page, make the website easy to navigate and understand.
•	The colours being modified from their original shades to make them more uniform gives the website a more professionally crafted feel, which makes it more attractive to users.

6.	Technical Requirements 
Hosting: GitHub
Domain: LoveMatchaCafe.co.za
The website will be developed on VS Code using HTML for the structure, CSS for styling and JS for user interactivity. The code will be shared on GitHub, which will allow others to access the code as well as keep track of commits and edits made to the code as the project progresses. 

7.	Timeline and Milestones
Part 1 – due 27 August 2025
Part 1.2 – Complete and submit proposals (by 14/08/25)
Part 1.3 – Gather research and resources, plan out project (by 18/08/25)
Part 1.4 – Create sitemap for webpage + organise files in VS code (by 21/08/25)
Part 1.5 – Code in basic elements, e.g. Headings, paragraphs, icons, images, etc. (by 25/08/25)
Part 1.6 – set up GitHub + create README.md document (by 26/08/25)
Submit Part 1 by 27/08/25

Part 2 – due 29 September 2025
Part 2.1 – Implement changes and corrections to work from part 1 (by 05/09/25)
Part 2.2 – Use CSS to style your project (by 15/09/25)
Part 2.3 – Ensure code runs on different devices (by 23/09/25)
Part 2.4 – GitHub + README.md (by 26/09/25)
Submit part 2 by 29/09/25

POE timeline TBD once dates are released
Part 3.1 – Implement changes from Part 2 
Part 3.2 – Add interaction using JS
Part 3.3 – Implement SEO
Part 3.4 – Code forms for enquiry and contact 
Part 3.5 – GitHub + README.md
Submit POE

8.	Budget
Estimated budget for website:
•	R12 000 for the website development (New Perspective Design, 2021).
•	R2 000 p/m for the website maintenance (Web Partner, 2019).
•	R245 p/m for the website host (Host Africa, 2025).

9. Responsive screenshots
Desktop

![desktop 1](./_images/README-images/desktop-1.png)
![desktop 2](./_images/README-images/desktop-2.png)
![desktop 3](./_images/README-images/desktop-3.png)
![desktop 4](./_images/README-images/desktop-4.png)
![desktop 5](./_images/README-images/desktop-5.png)
![desktop 6](./_images/README-images/desktop-6.png)

Tablet

![tablet 1](./_images/README-images/tablet-1.png)
![tablet 2](./_images/README-images/tablet-2.png)
![tablet 3](./_images/README-images/tablet-3.png)
![tablet 4](./_images/README-images/tablet-4.png)
![tablet 5](./_images/README-images/tablet-5.png)

Phone

![phone 1](./_images/README-images/phone-1.png)
![phone 2](./_images/README-images/phone-2.png)
![phone 3](./_images/README-images/phone-3.png)
![phone 4](./_images/README-images/phone-4.png)
![phone 5](./_images/README-images/phone-5.png)

10.	Bibliography
Afsaana03, 2025. moviWeb [code]. GitHub. Available at: https://github.com/afsaana03/movieWeb [accessed 26 September 2025]

New Perspective Design, 2021. What Is The Cost Of Creating A Website In South Africa? [2025] | Website Design Prices South Africa | How Much Does Website Design In South Africa Cost? [online]. Available at: https://www.newperspec estudio.co.za/wp/what-is-the-cost-of-creating-a-website-in-south-africa/ [Accessed 15 August 2025].

Web Partner, 2019. Average Monthly Fee for Website Maintenance in South Africa [online]. Available at: https://www.webpartner.co.za/blog/121-average-monthly-maintenance-fee [Accessed 15 August 2025].

Coolors, 2025. Love Matcha mock up colour palette. [online] Available at: https://coolors.co/user/palettes/689dacb7cccf77000b16548c [Accessed 14 August 2025].

Host Africa, 2025. Fast, Reliable and Secure Web Hosting in South Africa. [online]. Available at: https://hostafrica.co.za/web-hosting [Accessed 15 August 2025].

Love Matcha, 2025. Love matcha [online] Available at: https://love-matcha.co.za [Accessed 12 August 2025].

Sklyanik, V., 2021. 21 KPI examples every business needs to know. [online] Wix Blog. Available at: https://www.wix.com/blog/kpi-examples [Accessed 14 August 2025].

W3Schools. [2025] CSS Styling Buttons. Version 1.0. Dated 29 September 2025. Available at: https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_buttons.asp [Accessed: 29 September 2025].

W3Schools. [2025] HTML <button> tag. Version 1.0. Dated 29 September 2025. Available at: https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_button.asp
 [Accessed: 29 September 2025].

Webflow Team, 2025. How to design a homepage: 8 essentials for wowing your audience  [online]. Available at: https://webflow.com/blog/design-a-homepage [Accessed 14 August 2025].


10. Changelog
29 Spetember 2025
- changelog updated
- references and screenshots added and updated
- css comments edited
- media tag updated and refined
- css forms refined
- css cards refined
- html buttons added and refined in css
- image formatting refined

28 September 2025
- spacing redone on html files
- css for containers and images created
- css for header on homepage completed
- changelog updated

26 September 2025
- css for navigation bar completed
- changelog updated
- reference list updated

25 September 2025
- changelog created and refined (correction from part 1, changelog was initially missing)
- class tags added to all html files

18 Sept 2025
- recommitted all files into a new repository

27 Aug 2025
- added code attribution to project
- all franchise.html code completed
- added README.md to project

26 Aug 2025
- page titles refined
- all images imported to project
- all homepage.html code completed
- all menu.html code completed
- all products.html code completed
- all contact.html code completed and refined

25 Aug 2025
- project files and folders created
- page navigation created

Commit message:

part 2 corrections added to README and implimented in code

README.md, after:

1.	Organisation Overview
Company name: Love Matcha

Company history: Founded in February 2025, Love Matcha opened their first café in Sea Point, Cape Town, with the mission of meeting an ever-growing demand in an underserved market. The company has since opened four other locations in and around Cape Town, as well as a mobile matcha bar that they rent out. 

Company mission: 
•	Providing customers with authentic, sustainably sourced products.

Company vision: 
•	Expand their franchise by attracting investors.
•	Grow their brand to become South Africa’s lead matcha brand.

Target audience: 
•	South Africans with an interest in matcha.
•	Prospective investors in the franchise.

2.	Website Goals and Objectives
Specific goals
•	Increase sales made off the website.
•	Build interest in current Love Matcha locations.
•	Attract investors for new locations.

Key performance indicators
•	Total sales volume: Track total monthly sales from website. 
•	Traffic: Track number of individuals visiting website.
•	Abandon rate: monitor number of individuals who leave the website without buying anything.

3.	Current Website Analysis
Analysis used from Love Matcha, 2025.
Current website strengths
•	Colour scheme and font used stay consistent throughout the website.
•	Pages are organised and easily accessible.
•	Google Maps is embedded to help users find their locations easily.
•	Images and videos are used to showcase the products sold.

Current website weaknesses
•	Colour palette used is not unified.
•	Images and videos not scaled properly.
•	Website is cluttered, information does not stand out from the background. 

Areas for improvement
•	Reimagine colour palette to unify colours. 
•	Rescale images and videos to fit various screen sizes.
•	Simplify information used on website.
•	
4.	Proposed Website Features and Functionality
Pages included on the website
•	Homepage – Brief overview of company values and vision, overview of products offered.
•	About us – History of company, goals of relative significance achieved, detailed view into company values and vision.
•	Products – Showcase of products sold, detail page for each product.
•	Contact – email address, phone number, physical addresses.
•	Franchise – information for prospective investors, franchise-specific contact details/form.

Website functionalities
Order system
•	Product catalogue
•	Search bar for products
•	Shopping cart
•	Checkout
Franchise 
•	Form for inquiries
Contact
•	Google Maps for locations

5.	Design and User Experience
Layout and Design
Bar at the top of the screen 
•	logo + company name
•	drop-down menu to switch pages 
•	Shopping cart

Page Layout
•	Wallpaper will be beige (hex code #F2E9D4 as seen in Figure 1) with the remainder of the colours being used for headings, icons and other accent design aspects. This will cause contrast between the background and design aspects, which will make them more eye-catching to the user. 
•	The information used on the Homepage will be organised into sections and subsections based on the content that it contains, which will make the page less overwhelming to the users.

Bar at the bottom of the screen 
•	Contact information
•	Links to social media platforms
•	Hyperlinks to other pages in website

UI Considerations
•	The contrast between the background and the accent colours makes the design aspects such as headings, icons and buttons easier to see, which benefits the general population, but specifically users with vision impairments. 
•	The drop-down menu at the top of the screen, as well as the navigation hyperlinks at the bottom of the page, make the website easy to navigate and understand.
•	The colours being modified from their original shades to make them more uniform gives the website a more professionally crafted feel, which makes it more attractive to users.

6.	Technical Requirements 
Hosting: GitHub
Domain: LoveMatchaCafe.co.za
The website will be developed on VS Code using HTML for the structure, CSS for styling and JS for user interactivity. The code will be shared on GitHub, which will allow others to access the code as well as keep track of commits and edits made to the code as the project progresses. 

7.	Timeline and Milestones
Part 1 – due 27 August 2025
Part 1.2 – Complete and submit proposals (by 14/08/25)
Part 1.3 – Gather research and resources, plan out project (by 18/08/25)
Part 1.4 – Create sitemap for webpage + organise files in VS code (by 21/08/25)
Part 1.5 – Code in basic elements, e.g. Headings, paragraphs, icons, images, etc. (by 25/08/25)
Part 1.6 – set up GitHub + create README.md document (by 26/08/25)
Submit Part 1 by 27/08/25

Part 2 – due 29 September 2025
Part 2.1 – Implement changes and corrections to work from part 1 (by 05/09/25)
Part 2.2 – Use CSS to style your project (by 15/09/25)
Part 2.3 – Ensure code runs on different devices (by 23/09/25)
Part 2.4 – GitHub + README.md (by 26/09/25)
Submit part 2 by 29/09/25

POE timeline TBD once dates are released
Part 3.1 – Implement changes from Part 2 
Part 3.2 – Add interaction using JS
Part 3.3 – Implement SEO
Part 3.4 – Code forms for enquiry and contact 
Part 3.5 – GitHub + README.md
Submit POE

8.	Budget
Estimated budget for website:
•	R12 000 for the website development (New Perspective Design, 2021).
•	R2 000 p/m for the website maintenance (Web Partner, 2019).
•	R245 p/m for the website host (Host Africa, 2025).

9. Responsive screenshots
Desktop

![desktop 1](./_images/README-images/desktop-1.png)
![desktop 2](./_images/README-images/desktop-2.png)
![desktop 3](./_images/README-images/desktop-3.png)
![desktop 4](./_images/README-images/desktop-4.png)
![desktop 5](./_images/README-images/desktop-5.png)
![desktop 6](./_images/README-images/desktop-6.png)

Tablet

![tablet 1](./_images/README-images/tablet-1.png)
![tablet 2](./_images/README-images/tablet-2.png)
![tablet 3](./_images/README-images/tablet-3.png)
![tablet 4](./_images/README-images/tablet-4.png)
![tablet 5](./_images/README-images/tablet-5.png)

Phone

![phone 1](./_images/README-images/phone-1.png)
![phone 2](./_images/README-images/phone-2.png)
![phone 3](./_images/README-images/phone-3.png)
![phone 4](./_images/README-images/phone-4.png)
![phone 5](./_images/README-images/phone-5.png)

10.	Bibliography
Afsaana03, 2025. moviWeb [code]. GitHub. Available at: https://github.com/afsaana03/movieWeb [accessed 26 September 2025]

New Perspective Design, 2021. What Is The Cost Of Creating A Website In South Africa? [2025] | Website Design Prices South Africa | How Much Does Website Design In South Africa Cost? [online]. Available at: https://www.newperspec estudio.co.za/wp/what-is-the-cost-of-creating-a-website-in-south-africa/ [Accessed 15 August 2025].

Web Partner, 2019. Average Monthly Fee for Website Maintenance in South Africa [online]. Available at: https://www.webpartner.co.za/blog/121-average-monthly-maintenance-fee [Accessed 15 August 2025].

Coolors, 2025. Love Matcha mock up colour palette. [online] Available at: https://coolors.co/user/palettes/689dacb7cccf77000b16548c [Accessed 14 August 2025].

Host Africa, 2025. Fast, Reliable and Secure Web Hosting in South Africa. [online]. Available at: https://hostafrica.co.za/web-hosting [Accessed 15 August 2025].

Love Matcha, 2025. Love matcha [online] Available at: https://love-matcha.co.za [Accessed 12 August 2025].

Sklyanik, V., 2021. 21 KPI examples every business needs to know. [online] Wix Blog. Available at: https://www.wix.com/blog/kpi-examples [Accessed 14 August 2025].

W3Schools. [2025] CSS Styling Buttons. Version 1.0. Dated 29 September 2025. Available at: https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_buttons.asp [Accessed: 29 September 2025].

W3Schools. [2025] HTML <button> tag. Version 1.0. Dated 29 September 2025. Available at: https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_button.asp
 [Accessed: 29 September 2025].

Webflow Team, 2025. How to design a homepage: 8 essentials for wowing your audience  [online]. Available at: https://webflow.com/blog/design-a-homepage [Accessed 14 August 2025].

10. Changelog
28 October 2025
- part 1 feedback reflection added to README
- part 2 feedback reflection added to README

29 September 2025
- changelog updated
- references and screenshots added and updated
- css comments edited
- media tag updated and refined
- css forms refined
- css cards refined
- html buttons added and refined in css
- image formatting refined

28 September 2025
- spacing redone on html files
- css for containers and images created
- css for header on homepage completed
- changelog updated

26 September 2025  
- css for navigation bar completed
- changelog updated
- reference list updated

25 September 2025
- changelog created and refined (correction from part 1, changelog was initially missing)
- class tags added to all html files

18 Sept 2025
- recommitted all files into a new repository
                         
27 Aug 2025
- added code attribution to project
- all franchise.html code completed
- added README.md to project

26 Aug 2025
- page titles refined
- all images imported to project
- all homepage.html code completed
- all menu.html code completed
- all products.html code completed
- all contact.html code completed and refined

25 Aug 2025
- project files and folders created
- page navigation created

11. Part 1 feedback reflection
For part 1 of my project, there were a few components identified in which I could have improved upon before my project was submitted, the main one being that a changelog was not added. This was a crucial step missed not only because it allows me to keep track of the progress I have made throughout my project, but it allows others to see how I have progressed through my project and the order in which I carried out my work. The changelog for all work previously done was added after receiving feedback from part 1, and it was updated alongside any changes made throughout the process of creating the code for part 2.
Another area that could've been improved on before part 1 was submitted was my grammar. While marks were not deducted for this, I felt as though this lowered the quality of my work. Once I began work for part 2, many gramatical errors were found and corrected, and I will be more cautious with my grammar going forward. 

12. Part 2 feedback reflection
There were multiple places in part 2 where I could have improved the quality of my work, the first being a misunderstanding of how to reflect on feedback from part 1. In part 2, I implimented all corrections to my code without writing a report on them, which would've allowed others to see how I reflected on and corrected any previous errors. Reports on feedback reflection were added for both parts 1 and 2 following the release of part 2 feedback.
The website's resposiveness, specifically with typography and images, could've been improved on aswell, such as ensuring that both the images and text shrink down with the window size so that everything stays propotionate. These corrections were carried out following the release of part 2 feedback.
